# Mechanical Design Period 2 - Team 17-0553

## Drivetrain
The picture to the left is our robot's drivetrain module. Our drivetrain contains four motors, two mounted on the rear and two on the back. Two front motors is attached with 56x26 tyres, and two back motors is attached with newly-added solarbotics wheel. Since the omni-wheel used last year is prihibited to use in this year's Botball International, although this design needs four motors, it is still worth because compared to designs including two motors in the back with two anchored wheel or caster in the front, this design is the only one that can turn precisely and adapt playgrounds with vairous situation (e.g., some playground's slope is not well anchored with the surface, making the caster very hard to go onto the surface). In our strategy, our robot needs to turn persicely and go up and down the slope several times, and that requirement is the reason why we adopted this kind of design.

## Effector
Our effector shown on the left is probably the most complex part of our robot. The claw is made by several angled lego parts, and a servo drives two wheel gear controlling the open and close of the claw. A parallelogram structure is used to make sure that the bottom of the claw is always parallel to the surface, so that poms will not get out of the claw automatically when it's been lifted. Threaded rod along with two nylocks will anchor the claw and the parallelogram, making sure that the friction force is acceptable low and two parts will not fall apart. We do have another option which is use only one lego liftarm, and use another servo to change the angle between the liftarm and the claw. This design makes the robot able to do more things, such as getting water tower and three pink poms in the top. Unfortunately, with the liftarm being the lever, two servos are too heavy for one servo to lift thus making the claw unable to go up when the voltage of the battery is lower than a specfic value, and that force may cause unrecoverable damage to the lifting servo. As we need a stable design that can work at any voltage, we chose to use the design we are currently using.

## Sensor Mount
We used normal way to mount sensors with holes the same size as lego parts. The only two that do not have such holes is the click sensor and slide sensor. We discoverd that the smaller silver screw fits two small holes on the click sensor and holes on the lego liftarm. We anchored a lego liftarm onto the click sensor and mounted it onto the robot. As for the slide sensor, we attached it to a angled lego liftarm forcibly and tightened it up with string. These two designs can make the sensors be mounted on the robot stably. We could have adopted other style of anchoring it: using 3M Scouch sticker to anchor these sensors,but it's too unstable and may cause some displacement, which will have a negative effect on the robot, thus we adopted the plan that does not involve the Scouth sticker.
